Adding a new service account doc including org level svc accounts (#934)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/hosting/hosting-options/dedicated_cloud.md

* Authenticate with [SSO using OpenID Connect (OIDC)](../iam/sso.md) or with [LDAP](../iam/ldap.md).
* [Configure appropriate user roles](../iam/manage-organization.md#assign-or-update-a-users-role) at the scope of the organization and within a team.
* Define the scope of a W&B project to limit who can view, edit, and submit W&B runs to it with [restricted projects](../iam/restricted-projects.md).

> * Manage automated or non-interactive workflows using [org and team scoped service accounts](../iam/service-accounts.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manage automated or non-interactive workflows using [service accounts scoped to the org or team](../iam/service-accounts.md).
```

* Authenticate with [SSO using OpenID Connect (OIDC)](../iam/sso.md) or with [LDAP](../iam/ldap.md).
* [Configure appropriate user roles](../iam/manage-organization.md#assign-or-update-a-users-role) at the scope of the organization and within a team.
* Define the scope of a W&B project to limit who can view, edit, and submit W&B runs to it with [restricted projects](../iam/restricted-projects.md).

> * Manage automated or non-interactive workflows using [service accounts scoped to the org or a team](../iam/service-accounts.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manage automated or non-interactive workflows using [service accounts scoped to the organization or a team](../iam/service-accounts.md).
```
Aligns with line 29
